#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements.txt requirements.in
#
absl-py==2.3.0
    # via tensorboard
accelerate==1.7.0
    # via autogluon-multimodal
aiofiles==24.1.0
    # via kedro-viz
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.12.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp-cors
    #   fsspec
    #   ray
aiohttp-cors==0.8.1
    # via ray
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   ray
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
antlr4-python3-runtime==4.9.3
    # via omegaconf
anyio==4.9.0
    # via
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via kedro-telemetry
arrow==1.3.0
    # via cookiecutter
asttokens==3.0.0
    # via stack-data
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   kedro
    #   referencing
autogluon-common==1.3.1
    # via
    #   autogluon-core
    #   autogluon-features
    #   autogluon-multimodal
autogluon-core[raytune]==1.3.1
    # via
    #   autogluon-core
    #   autogluon-multimodal
autogluon-features==1.3.1
    # via autogluon-multimodal
autogluon-multimodal==1.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
beautifulsoup4==4.13.4
    # via gdown
binaryornot==0.4.4
    # via cookiecutter
boto3==1.38.25
    # via
    #   autogluon-common
    #   autogluon-core
    #   autogluon-multimodal
botocore==1.38.25
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
build==1.2.2.post1
    # via
    #   kedro
    #   pip-tools
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   kedro
certifi==2025.4.26
    # via requests
chardet==5.2.0
    # via binaryornot
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   click-default-group
    #   cookiecutter
    #   kedro
    #   model-index
    #   nltk
    #   opendatalab
    #   openmim
    #   pip-tools
    #   ray
    #   uvicorn
click-default-group==1.2.4
    # via kedro-viz
cloudpickle==3.1.1
    # via hyperopt
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   build
    #   click
    #   colorful
    #   ipython
    #   opendatalab
    #   openmim
    #   tqdm
    #   uvicorn
colorful==0.5.6
    # via ray
contourpy==1.3.2
    # via matplotlib
cookiecutter==2.6.0
    # via kedro
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
datasets==3.6.0
    # via evaluate
decorator==5.2.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via autogluon-multimodal
dill==0.3.8
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   multiprocess
distlib==0.3.9
    # via virtualenv
dynaconf==3.2.11
    # via kedro
evaluate==0.4.3
    # via autogluon-multimodal
executing==2.2.0
    # via stack-data
fastapi==0.115.12
    # via kedro-viz
filelock==3.18.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   gdown
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   ray
    #   torch
    #   transformers
    #   virtualenv
fonttools==4.58.1
    # via matplotlib
frozenlist==1.6.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
    #   ray
fsspec[http]==2025.3.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   kedro
    #   kedro-viz
    #   lightning
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   ray
    #   torch
future==1.0.0
    # via hyperopt
gdown==5.2.0
    # via nlpaug
gitdb==4.0.12
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.44
    # via kedro
google-api-core==2.24.2
    # via opencensus
google-auth==2.40.2
    # via google-api-core
googleapis-common-protos==1.70.0
    # via google-api-core
graphql-core==3.2.6
    # via strawberry-graphql
greenlet==3.2.2
    # via sqlalchemy
grpcio==1.71.0
    # via
    #   ray
    #   tensorboard
h11==0.16.0
    # via uvicorn
httptools==0.6.4
    # via uvicorn
huggingface-hub==0.32.2
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   timm
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
hyperopt==0.2.7
    # via autogluon-core
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   requests
    #   yarl
imageio==2.37.0
    # via scikit-image
importlib-metadata==8.7.0
    # via kedro
importlib-resources==6.5.2
    # via kedro
ipython==8.36.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   kedro-viz
jedi==0.19.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   autogluon-multimodal
    #   cookiecutter
    #   torch
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
joblib==1.5.1
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   scikit-learn
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via
    #   autogluon-multimodal
    #   ray
jsonschema-specifications==2025.4.1
    # via jsonschema
kedro==0.19.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   kedro-datasets
    #   kedro-telemetry
    #   kedro-viz
kedro-datasets[json,json-jsondataset,matplotlib,matplotlib-matplotlibdataset,matplotlib-matplotlibwriter,pandas-base,pandas-csvdataset,pandas-parquetdataset,pandas.CSVDataSet,pandas.ParquetDataSet]==7.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
kedro-telemetry==0.6.2
    # via
    #   kedro
    #   kedro-viz
kedro-viz==11.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
kiwisolver==1.4.8
    # via matplotlib
lazy-loader==0.4
    # via
    #   kedro-datasets
    #   scikit-image
lightning==2.5.1.post0
    # via autogluon-multimodal
lightning-utilities==0.14.3
    # via
    #   lightning
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torchmetrics
markdown==3.8
    # via
    #   model-index
    #   tensorboard
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   werkzeug
matplotlib==3.10.3
    # via
    #   autogluon-core
    #   kedro-datasets
    #   seaborn
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via ipython
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
model-index==0.1.11
    # via openmim
more-itertools==10.7.0
    # via kedro
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
msgpack==1.1.0
    # via ray
multidict==6.4.4
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
multiprocess==0.70.16
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
narwhals==1.41.0
    # via plotly
networkx==3.4.2
    # via
    #   autogluon-core
    #   hyperopt
    #   kedro-viz
    #   scikit-image
    #   torch
nlpaug==1.1.11
    # via autogluon-multimodal
nltk==3.8.1
    # via autogluon-multimodal
numpy==2.2.6
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   autogluon-common
    #   autogluon-core
    #   autogluon-features
    #   autogluon-multimodal
    #   contourpy
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   hyperopt
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
    #   nlpaug
    #   pandas
    #   pytorch-metric-learning
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   seqeval
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorboardx
    #   tifffile
    #   torchmetrics
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
nvidia-ml-py3==7.352.0
    # via autogluon-multimodal
omegaconf==2.3.0
    # via
    #   autogluon-multimodal
    #   kedro
opencensus==0.11.4
    # via ray
opencensus-context==0.1.3
    # via opencensus
opendatalab==0.0.10
    # via openmim
openmim==0.3.9
    # via autogluon-multimodal
openxlab==0.0.11
    # via opendatalab
ordered-set==4.1.0
    # via model-index
orjson==3.10.18
    # via kedro-viz
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   build
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   kedro-viz
    #   lazy-loader
    #   lightning
    #   lightning-utilities
    #   matplotlib
    #   plotly
    #   pytesseract
    #   pytoolconfig
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   ray
    #   scikit-image
    #   strawberry-graphql
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorboardx
    #   torchmetrics
    #   transformers
pandas==2.2.3
    # via
    #   autogluon-common
    #   autogluon-core
    #   autogluon-features
    #   autogluon-multimodal
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   kedro-datasets
    #   kedro-viz
    #   nlpaug
    #   openmim
    #   ray
    #   seaborn
parse==1.20.2
    # via kedro
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via kedro-viz
pdf2image==1.17.0
    # via autogluon-multimodal
pillow==11.2.1
    # via
    #   autogluon-multimodal
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
    #   pdf2image
    #   pytesseract
    #   scikit-image
    #   torchvision
pip-tools==7.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
platformdirs==4.3.8
    # via
    #   pytoolconfig
    #   virtualenv
plotly==6.1.2
    # via kedro-viz
pluggy==1.6.0
    # via kedro
pre-commit-hooks==5.0.0
    # via kedro
prometheus-client==0.22.0
    # via ray
prompt-toolkit==3.0.51
    # via ipython
propcache==0.3.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
proto-plus==1.26.1
    # via google-api-core
protobuf==6.31.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   proto-plus
    #   ray
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorboardx
    #   transformers
psutil==7.0.0
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   autogluon-common
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via stack-data
py-spy==0.4.0
    # via ray
py4j==0.10.9.9
    # via hyperopt
pyarrow==20.0.0
    # via
    #   autogluon-core
    #   datasets
    #   kedro-datasets
    #   ray
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.2
    # via google-auth
pycryptodome==3.23.0
    # via opendatalab
pydantic==2.11.5
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   kedro-viz
    #   ray
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pygments==2.19.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   rich
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via matplotlib
pyproject-hooks==1.2.0
    # via
    #   build
    #   pip-tools
pysocks==1.7.1
    # via requests
pytesseract==0.3.13
    # via autogluon-multimodal
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   botocore
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   strawberry-graphql
python-dotenv==1.1.0
    # via uvicorn
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via cookiecutter
pytoolconfig[global]==1.3.1
    # via rope
pytorch-lightning==2.5.1.post0
    # via lightning
pytorch-metric-learning==2.8.1
    # via autogluon-multimodal
pytz==2025.2
    # via pandas
pywin32==310
    # via opendatalab
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   cookiecutter
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   kedro
    #   lightning
    #   model-index
    #   omegaconf
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   ray
    #   timm
    #   transformers
    #   uvicorn
ray[default,tune]==2.44.1
    # via autogluon-core
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2024.11.6
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   transformers
requests[socks]==2.32.3
    # via
    #   autogluon-core
    #   autogluon-multimodal
    #   cookiecutter
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   gdown
    #   google-api-core
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   kedro-telemetry
    #   nlpaug
    #   opendatalab
    #   openmim
    #   ray
    #   transformers
rich==14.0.0
    # via
    #   cookiecutter
    #   kedro
    #   opendatalab
    #   openmim
rope==1.13.0
    # via kedro
rpds-py==0.25.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9.1
    # via google-auth
ruamel-yaml==0.18.11
    # via pre-commit-hooks
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.12
    # via ruamel-yaml
s3transfer==0.13.0
    # via boto3
safetensors==0.5.3
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   timm
    #   transformers
scikit-image==0.25.2
    # via autogluon-multimodal
scikit-learn==1.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   autogluon-core
    #   autogluon-features
    #   autogluon-multimodal
    #   pytorch-metric-learning
    #   seqeval
scipy==1.15.3
    # via
    #   autogluon-core
    #   autogluon-multimodal
    #   hyperopt
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
seaborn==0.13.2
    # via -r requirements.in
secure==1.0.1
    # via kedro-viz
sentencepiece==0.2.0
    # via transformers
seqeval==1.2.2
    # via autogluon-multimodal
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   hyperopt
    #   opencensus
    #   python-dateutil
    #   tensorboard
smart-open==7.1.0
    # via ray
smmap==5.0.2
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
soupsieve==2.7
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==2.0.41
    # via kedro-viz
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
starlette==0.46.2
    # via fastapi
strawberry-graphql==0.270.2
    # via kedro-viz
sympy==1.13.1
    # via torch
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via openmim
tensorboard==2.19.0
    # via autogluon-multimodal
tensorboard-data-server==0.7.2
    # via tensorboard
tensorboardx==2.6.2.2
    # via ray
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   autogluon-multimodal
    #   python-slugify
threadpoolctl==3.6.0
    # via scikit-learn
tifffile==2025.5.26
    # via scikit-image
timm==1.0.3
    # via autogluon-multimodal
tokenizers==0.21.1
    # via transformers
toml==0.10.2
    # via kedro
torch==2.6.0
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   autogluon-multimodal
    #   lightning
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   pytorch-metric-learning
    #   timm
    #   torchmetrics
    #   torchvision
torchmetrics==1.7.2
    # via
    #   autogluon-multimodal
    #   lightning
    #   pytorch-lightning
torchvision==0.21.0
    # via
    #   autogluon-multimodal
    #   timm
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   autogluon-common
    #   autogluon-core
    #   autogluon-multimodal
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   gdown
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   hyperopt
    #   lightning
    #   nltk
    #   opendatalab
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   pytorch-metric-learning
    #   transformers
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   matplotlib-inline
transformers[sentencepiece]==4.49.0
    # via autogluon-multimodal
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20250516
    # via arrow
typing-extensions==4.13.2
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   fastapi
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   ipython
    #   kedro
    #   lightning
    #   lightning-utilities
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   referencing
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   strawberry-graphql
    #   torch
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspection==0.4.1
    # via pydantic
tzdata==2025.2
    # via pandas
urllib3==2.4.0
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   requests
uvicorn[standard]==0.34.2
    # via kedro-viz
virtualenv==20.31.2
    # via ray
watchfiles==1.0.5
    # via
    #   kedro-viz
    #   uvicorn
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
websockets==15.0.1
    # via uvicorn
werkzeug==3.1.3
    # via tensorboard
wheel==0.45.1
    # via pip-tools
wrapt==1.17.2
    # via smart-open
xxhash==3.5.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
yarl==1.20.0
    # via aiohttp
zipp==3.22.0
    # via importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
